Clarify placement and usage of RGB matrix effect inc files (#15572)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_rgb_matrix.md

## Custom RGB Matrix Effects :id=custom-rgb-matrix-effects

> By setting `RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_USER = yes` in `rules.mk`, new effects can be defined directly from userspace, without having to edit any QMK core files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting `RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_USER = yes` in `rules.mk`, new effects can be defined directly from your keymap or userspace, without having to edit any QMK core files.
```

To declare new effects, create a `rgb_matrix_user.inc` file in the user keymap directory or userspace folder.

> ?> Hardware maintainer who wants to limit custom effects to a specific keyboard can create a `rgb_matrix_kb.inc` file in the root of the keyboard directory, and add `RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_KB = yes` to the keyboard level `rules.mk`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> Hardware maintainers who want to limit custom effects to a specific keyboard can create a `rgb_matrix_kb.inc` file in the root of the keyboard directory, and add `RGB_MATRIX_CUSTOM_KB = yes` to the keyboard level `rules.mk`.
```
